Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
'Nina. Nina.'
Hmm.
Um..
Want me to start moving
the rest of this camera stuff?
Nah. it's alright.
I'll get it.
Thanks.
Um..
When you're gonna give Marvin
back his ring?
Just curious.
Girl. please. I would.
if I knew where the hell he was.
Or maybe I'll just keep it
as a reminder..
...never to make
the same mistake twice.
Get engaged?
- No. Falling in love.
- Aw. shit--
Because that shit is played out
like an eight-track.
Hello! Hello!
Don't let me hangin' please.
- I'm sorry.
- Thank you.
A cynic is born.
Hello hallelujah..
'Resurrected from the tomb..'
Can we. uh. talk nappy head?
'I mean really.
really talk nappy head.'
I ain't talking. talking of them
tediously talk tone
or tortuously tangled
and talked-up tongues.
- Am I talking to you?
- No. but--
No. no.
Am I talkin' to you?
No. but I'm in the conversation.
Sheila. what you need is a man
to get into a conversation with.
Excuse me. Ed.
But. I have a man. thank you.
'And where is he?'
- He's not here.
- 'Wait. Sheila.'
I know what you need. girl.
You need some romance
in your life.
And I'm sure you are
an expert on that. hmm?
Oh. yes. indeedy.
I am.
Wood. you are the least
romantic man I know.
I think that I am Mr. Romance.
You know. I believe
in that shit like flowers..
'...candy. all that.'
Just not every day.
That's not me. It could be--
That's what
I'm at talkin' about. Oh..
Romance is dead
is what they said while
sitting around cheating at pool.
At the very last frame
of this nine ball game
the cat who had the date
on the top of the Empire State
is the one who got hustled
...like a fool.
'You watch too many
movies. Sheila.'
Step off. Ed. alright?
What's up?
Romance...is about
the possibility of the thing.
You see. it's about the time
between when you first meet
some fine-ass woman
and when you first
make love to her.
'And when you first
ask a woman to marry you'
and when she says "I do."
When people who've been
together for a long time
say that the romance is gone?
Uh-uh.
What they're really sayin' is..
...they've exhausted
the possibility.
- 'Mm. Mm...'
- Von.
Now you talking about my thing.
You and me. bro.
It's like poetry...
is the possibility of language.
Please. give me a break.
- Where you want it at?
- Hey. Von.
Let me get
my lighter man.
- 'Here you go. man'
- Thank you.
- No. I said. Savon.
- 'I know what you said--'
I don't know what's wrong
with that girl.
No. He doesn't need
to be smokin'.
- Oh. thank you. mom.
- You're welcome.
I thought we left
our mothers at home.
- Do you want another drink?
- Actually. I am okay for now.
I'm going to get one.
I'm bringing you one anyway.
Thank you. 'cause I'mma
hit this off. real quick.
Hey. Will.
let me get another one. man.
Cold.
White wine. please.
'Who's that girl
with Darius? Damn.'
She does have
a little somethin' somethin'.
Uh. excuse me.
Mr. Married Man--
I am married.
I am not blind.
Brother. can you see
through these. please?
- Can you see?
- Everything is checkin' out.
See. that's what
I'm talking about.
- Niggers. this ain't right.
- Niggers?
- Why. why we gotta be--
- Why we gotta be niggers?
Because that's what y'all are.
Deep in thought. huh?
Yeah.
What are you
thinkin' about?
A woman I saw once.
She must've been fine.
Savon. you can't tell me
that these babes
can't see that cool pose shit
coming a mile off.
You know. brother.
jealousy is a sickness.
- Let it go. man.
- 'Sickness.'
Let it go..
...and just walk away.
Fuck you. Ed.
Darius Lovehall.
Nina Mosley.
Fumbled.
Just like I told you.
- Hmm. Excuse me.
- Mm-hm.
Uh. hey. Will. why don't you
put this on your tab?
- Yeah. right.
- You put that energy out there.
- 'Say thank you.'
- You put it out there.
- That's a fumble. bro.
- You put that energy out..
Anybody in here can see that.
- Oh. please.
- Sorry about that.
'Here you go. Try not to
knock this one over.'
Maybe you should
quit smoking.
Alright. alright.
Get settled.
We're back.
And this next brother up on
the mike writes for "New City"
'and is regularly here
on Monday nights. so please'
give it to Mr. Darius Lovehall.
- Brother Ed.
- Alright.
Alright. this is. uh. a little
somethin' I've been workin' on.
It's new. I call it. uh..
"A Blues for Nina."
- 'Yeah. baby.'
- 'Go to it. now.'
- 'Alright.'
- 'Take your time.'
Say. baby.
can I be your slave?
I've got to admit. girl
you're the shit. girl.
'And I'm digging you
like a grave.'
'Now. do they call you Daughter
to the Spinning Pulsar?'
'Or maybe
Queen of 10.000 Moons?'
Sister to the distant
yet rising star?
Is your name Yemaya?
Oh. hell. no.
It's got to be Oshun.
'Ooh.'
Is that a smile me
put on your face. child?
Wide as a field
of jasmine and clover?
Talk that talk. honey.
Walk that walk. money.
High on legs
that'll spite Jehovah.
Shit.
Who am I?
That's not important.
But they call me
"Brother to the Night."
And right now..
...I'm the blues
in your left thigh.
Trying to become the funk
in your right.
Who am I?
'I'll be whoever you say.'
But right now
I'm the sight-raped hunter
'blindly pursuing you
as my prey.'
And I just wanna give you
injections of sublime erections
and get you to dance
to my rhythm.
'Make you dream archetypes
of black angels in flight'
'upon wings of distorted.
contorted'
'metaphoric jizm.'
Oh. come on. slim.
Fuck your man.
I ain't worried about him.
It's you who I want
to step to my scene.
'Cause rather than deal
with the fallacy
of this dry-ass reality
I'd rather dance and romance
your sweet ass in a wet dream.
Mmh.
'Who am I?'
Well. they all call me
"Brother to the Night."
And. right now. I'm the blues
in your left thigh.
Tryin' to become
the funk in your right.
'Oh. that's alright. baby.'
Bravo!
Darius Lovehall.
Wonderful.
Absolutely wonderful.
No. no. no.
Come on. now. Wood.
You gotta give him
his props for that one.
You got to give it up. Wood.
Give it up.
- Come on. Give it up.
- Yeah. whatever.
But I'll tell you one thing. I
don't need poetry to get women.
No. you need a personality
to get women.
Mm. Try a breath mint
and a Visa.
Played out like an eight-track.
You did say that.
didn't you?
Here come your boy.
- What's up. dude?
- Hey..
- D. great poem.
- Y'all like that. huh?
- 'That was fascinating.'
- 'Pretty nice.'
- Thanks.
- 'Look at Ed.'
- 'Who's Nina?'
- 'I loved it. Darius.'
'Green glob just coming
all out your mouth.'
'You don't know me like that.'
We need to embrace this brother.
You're a bad influence..
Every la.. Especially you.
You're the worst influence
of all.
Oh. don't even try it..
Thanks for my poem.
It was um...
interesting.
No problem.
- Everybody. this is. uh. Nina.
- Hi.
- Sheila. Ed..
- How're you doing?
'Savon. and that's.
uh. Hollywood..'
- Hey.
- This is my girl. Josie.
Hello. hello. hello.
So. maybe next week you could
write somethin' for me.
Maybe. But it won't be
about sex.
What's wrong with sex?
There's nothing wrong with sex.
There's just other topics.
Like what?
But you probably wouldn't know
anything about that.
Ooh.
Goodnight. my black people.
- 'Goodnight.'
- Goodnight. sister.
Oh-ho-ho. man.
- 'Well. damn.'
- Yo. man.
If that was me.
I'd be in her car right now.
- You know. Be gettin' that.
- Whoo!
'You got your hands
pulled there..'
Maybe. if your hand
was a little bigger
she could write her number down.
Close your mouth.
Y'all just mad
'cause somebody approached me.
- What?
- What is the secret?
- Oh. come on. Darius!
- Oh. pookie. come on. man.
'Yes! Come on. more.'
More. Bigger. Yes!
That was the cover.
'Okay. Now..'
Um.. This isn't curried chicken
and they were out of baguettes.
I'm sorry.
Roger. come on. Gimme a break.
This is only lunch.
It isn't about
the bloody lunch. Nina.
I don't think this. uh
assistant thing
is working out.
I suspect you don't have
the temperament for it.
'Perhaps you'd be better off
on your own.'
Yeah. man. I'm headin' on
back over to the office.
Get the rest of my things.
I can't believe
I'm finally up out of there.
Aye. but y'all don't worry
about me.
I saved up enough cash
to hold me for a while. alright?
Cool. just hook us up in your
dedication of the book. man.
Man. look. just because
you've been there for me
when at times I needed you
don't mean I get to put you
in my book. alright?
- Hey--
- No shout-outs baby.
No shout-outs.
- Hey.
- Nina?
- Sheila?
Yeah. How are you doing?
Girl. I need
an Isley Brothers CD badly.
Mm-hm. I hear you.
The CD's are in the back.
- Thank you.
- Oh. you're welcome.
Yo. She.
What's going on. girl?
What's up?
Not much.
Y'all slow as hell
up in here today.
But it'll speed up.
What you talking about?
Aw. shit.
Hey. uh...would you hold this
for a second?
Oh. why you gonna give me
your junk?
Just be cool.
Ah. Al Green.
You can't go wrong
with my man Al Green.
Darius. right?
Say. uh.
y-you mind if I play you
a little somethin' real quick?
I don't know. the last time
you went on an impulse
you embarrassed
the shit out of me.
Look. this'll be easy.
I promise. Watch.
Yeah.
Charlie Parker?
- I've never heard this--
- 'Shh.'
It's kind of sad.
Melancholy maybe.
but. uh. not sad.
There's a difference.
I think.
Maybe you're right.
'My new information's
on there .'
Okay. Great.
Here you go.
Dr. Wax will have
that Isley Brothers CD.
- Thanks.
- Yeah. see you later.
- Alright. Bye-bye.
- Uh. say. uh..
You know. you and I should. uh.
get together some time.
You know. have-have some drinks.
Uh. I don't think
that'll be a very good idea.
Well. why not?
It's just bad timing.
Nothing personal.
Oh. I understand.
- Yeah.
- Thanks for the record.
Damn!
Messed that shit up.
When are you gonna learn?
You move too fast.
See. women like it
slow and easy.
Didn't I school you?
Yo. why don't you let me get a
look at her address real quick?
How would I do that?
- 'Cause it's on the check. man.
- Why would I do that?
Because you're my girl. You're
supposed to be lookin' out..
Come on. Stop playin'
and hook me up. man.
- I'm not playin'. No!
- Why?
Look. what if her man
comes to the door?
Her m..
Her man.
Damn. I didn't think
about that. Her man.
Yeah. You're right.
I'm buggin'.
- Hey.
- Wh..
W-what are you doin' here?
How did you know
where I live?
Look. um. I-I know
it's a little strange for me
just to show up
to your place like this.
'Yeah. What did you do?
Follow me home?'
No! No. no. no. I..
Nothin' like that.
Well. uh..
Actually I. uh..
I got your address
from the check that you wrote
'down at the record store.'
'Look. look. I know
that-that wasn't very cool'
'and I apologize.'
But I got that CD
you were lookin' for.
Isley Brothers. right?
Yeah.
This is.
this is the one. Thanks.
'No problem.'
Oh. what you.
you tryin' to come in?
Yeah. I mean. no. no.
No. Yeah. if..
Sure. I mean. if..
...if you're not busy
or doing anything.
Um.. Well. y-you can come in.
- 'You sure?'
- Yeah.
I hope I'm not intruding.
Nice little pad you got here.
'I'm just house-sitting.'
Oh. a photographer.
'Yeah.'
Dig that. It's nice.
Um..
Why are you here?
You said it was bad timing.
And I figured if I asked again.
maybe you'd say yes.
If not that time.
then maybe the next time
till the next time
became the right time.
Ah-ha..
Persistence.
Be surprised
how far it can get you.
'Sorta reminds me
of stuff Gordon Parks'
'was shooting for
"Life" magazine.'
'Do you know a lot
about photography?'
'A little somethin' somethin'.'
'I know that
you have a great eye.'
So you're just like a
...a renaissance black man.
Poetry. music.
photography..
Think it was somebody that said
something about Mozart.
"The goal of an artist
is to create a definitive work
'that cannot be surpassed.'"
Guess you can say
I kind of live like that.
Well. that was actually
George Bernard Shaw.
'Now. you're tryin' too hard.'
Hm. okay.
I'm beginning to like this.
Oh. well. uh.
don't like it too much.
Check it out. um..
A couple of friends of mine
are having
this get-together
tomorrow night and..
Well. I want you
to come hang with me.
Maybe we can start
to like this together.
Hmm.. So. what are you. uh.
asking me out on a date again?
I guess that's about
the size of it. yeah.
- So?
- I don't.. I don't know--
Aw. no. no.
no. no. no. look..
Don't make me start bringin'
more CDs up here. okay?
'Cause I'll start bringin' you
Prince CDs..
And you know how
that brother like to
pump out four or five
albums a week.
Oh. please..
I mean. I'll be up here
everyday.
- Just--
- Okay. okay.
Okay. alright.
I'll-I'll save you the trouble.
Yes.
I'll just come by about- 00.
- 15 tomorrow and get you.
- Okay.
- Cool.
- Hope you enjoy your CD.
- Thanks.
Hey. um. the next time
you decide to just. um
stop by.
you should call first.
'Cause I know you wrote
the phone number down.
You right.
I got your number.
The last time we was
over here. no disrespect
the food was crazy.
The constant and annoying
references to my wife's cooking.
'Hey. Troy. Hey. Troy.'
Don't be talking about me with
your microwave-cooking ass.
'And then she gonna
come out here with carrots.'
'Do I have two big front teeth?'
'Is there somebody hopping?'
'Get some beta carotene
up in you. bro.'
- You can't see as it is.
- Fuck y'all.
About to bang out some
wickedness out of you. boy.
You know somethin'? You got
something going up in here.
- 'Aw. don't start it up.'
- Come on now. Savon.
Get it back. Get it back.
Exorcise that.
Come on. man.
Now. Sheila.
Sheila. Sheila..
Whoo!
'Get outta here!'
Quit fuckin' around
with them spirits.
You'll get everybody
up in here pregnant.
Yeah. you'll fuck around and get
us pregnant with that shit.
- Take that shit to Flint.
- Baby. Flint get it all.
- Don't worry about Flint.
- He can keep it all.
- You scared?
- Scared of what?
- God.
- I know Jesus.
- God is a woman. honey.
- 'Okay.'
Uh-huh. alrighty then.
No. no. no.
Hold up. hold up.
- God is a woman.
- Look. D. me and Ed..
You know what I'm saying?
We with you and everything.
but. damn..
If you ever chased a woman
then you know that
women have a certain power
a certain sexual thing
that renders men
totally incapable
of functioning.
- 'Am I right. Von?'
- That's right.
- 'It drives us to distraction.'
Destruction. Look at
that kitchen.
- Go look in that kitchen.
- Exactly. exactly.
A male God would never
allow a creature
made in his own image
to get jammed up like that.
Uh. wait. excuse me.
But why are you tryin'
to impress your date?
'Please don't say that..'
''Cause you know you wouldn't
even believe that.'
You know. he ain't.
he's just telling the truth.
Yo. Savon. why don't you
break it down for those
who don't quite understand
what I'm talkin' about?
Break it down for them. bro.
Hold on. hold up.
Let me break it down.
so it can forever
and consistently be broke.
Alright?
Now. when a man gets a hard-on
you know where the blood
comes from. right?
Know where the blood
- His brain...and his feet.
- And his feet.
- True.
- So A..
He's stupid.
And B. he can't run.
Only the Woman God..
...think up some
shit like that.
That's how she got you. right?
- 'That's it.'
- 'That's what happened.'
Nah. see. that's some bullshit.
'cause I got. I-I got it down.
I got. I figured it out.
I figured it out.
- It has become a regular forum.
- 'Oh. wait. wait. wait.'
What? What? I'm for real.
'We getting ready to have some
Hollywood philosophizing..'
- Yes.
- I can't wait.
Think about this..
Anatomy.
Now. if God was really a woman..
...y'all know how God think.
She'd put the dick
right under the chin. She'd..
- Take care of her business.
- 'You are sick!'
- What?
- Get out of here. man!
You're out. You're out.
And get new chips. man.
Yeah. man. Y'all sure know
how to treat a person.
I was 15 and my dad gave me
this old Topcon
when he was in the navy.
and ever since then
I've been hooked.
- You shoot.
- What you know about writing?
"I gather up each sound
you left behind.
"And stretched them
on our bed.
Each night. I breathe you
and become high."
Ho-ho-ho.
Check you out. girl.
That's yours?
Nah. Sanchez.
I'm a lifelong fan.
She makes me wanna burn
my notebook.
Aah. no. See it's about
reaching your level. not hers.
I thought it was about
the definitive work.
Yeah. well. Mozart
was the exception.
Like Bird.
You have all the answers.
don't you?
Mm-mm.
Just all the questions.
You're cocky.
That's cute.
Aah. "Cute."
You know what. check it out.
do you..
- You like reggae music?
- Yeah.
Let's go up to
the Wild Hare.
I wanna see the little
Yankee girl dancing tonight.
You wanna drive all the way up
to the North side tonight?
Tonight. man.
Me wanna feel
a little bump and grind.
Well. what if it starts
raining again?
Aw. now don't tell me that
you're afraid of getting
a little wet tonight?
Thanks.
No thing.
I had a really good time.
My pleasure.
Mmh.
I'm-I'm sorry.
Look. uh. I should go.
Look. Darius. look. I..
I had a really good time.
I really did. it's just that.
I dunno I can't go out like that
on the first date.
I mean come on.
I understand. I mean. we just
got a chance to know each other.
- We just gettin' to--
- Right.
Wait. look.
I should go. Alright.
Yeah. 'Cause..
- It's getting late. so. uh..
- Mm-hm.
- Maybe I'll-I'll call you.
- Okay.
- That's cool.
- Alright.
- Thanks.
- Goodnight.
Look. Nina..
I just want to come up
and talk.
Is that alright?
Come on.
- Good morning.
I see you. uh..
...found your way
to the kitchen.
Oh. yeah.
Hope you don't mind.
Nah. It's cool.
I got some omelets happening.
This is for me?
Yeah. this is for you.
Thank you.
Look. uh..
I really dig you. Nina..
...and I hope we didn't
move too fast. you know?
Nothing happened
that I didn't want to happen.
Is that a good thing
or a bad thing?
That's a great thing.
Oh. it's great.
pretty good. Cool.
So. uh...guess we can.
uh. hook up again. right?
Mm-hmm.
Oh. wait a minute. now.
Now. you ain't gonna..
...fake me out. are you?
- Mm-mm.
- Good. Phew.
I tell you..
...I can't stand
to sleep with a woman
and afterwards.
she just dog you out.
You know how y'all do.
Don't return any phone calls..
Play me off in front
of your-your friends
'like you don't know me.
like nothing ever happened.'
Look. I'm gonna get myself an
omelet. You want anything else?
Don't ask that question.
Ah. would you. uh...
like anything else?
'What you gonna do?
You gonna have him or what?'
'Girl. please. I-I.. No.'
I would hurt him too badly.
You fucked him. didn't you?
And you weren't even
gonna tell me.
You ain't slick.
'You can't keep
that kind of shit from me.'
I can't believe you fucked him
on a first date.
How? Girl. how?
Slap happy.
Girl. I didn't.
I didn't plan to.
It just sort of happened.
You just sort of slipped
and fell on his dick.
Yeah.
Well. alright.
Okay. okay. okay.
So. I wanna know
all the details.
- How big. how long. everything.
- Girl. look at you.
Well. unfortunately.
I have to live vicariously
through your sex life.
Miss Nina.
Alright. Okay.
I can't. I can't even
describe it. 'cause..
It was like..
It was like his dick just
...talked to me.
Mmh.
What did it say?
Just..
"...Nina."
Mm.
Damn.
- Damn.
- Girl..
Girl. I'm telling you.
But. look. don't even.
don't even get all geeked up.
'Cause this is nothing serious.
This is no love thing.
Me and Darius.
we are just kicking it.
Troy? Troy.
Savon. I am so tired
of your bullshit.
Troy. would you just
wait a minute?
Stop. You know what. Savon?
'You always said you never
wanted to be labeled'
'as trifling or tired.'
- Trifling?
- Guess what?
- Trifling? Does this..
- You fit the bill.
Oh. Darius.
Go get your tired-ass friend.
'No. no.
you keep Darius out of it.'
How you doing. Troy?
Don't wait by the phone. negro.
If you'd try to stop being
selfish and save some damn money
we wouldn't be going
through this shit.
Savon. get it together.
What?
We were supposed to go
play some pool. remember?
I know that.
Let me ask you something. Von.
Think you're with the woman
you're supposed to be with?
That question
implies a belief in destiny.
You know. like some cosmic
love connection or somethin'.
I'm not convinced anymore.
C'mon. just answer the question.
So. you asking me
if I married my soul mate?
Yeah.
Depends on which day
you ask.
I can dig that.
It doesn't really
matter anymore. man.
You're with
...who you're with.
You just gotta try
to make it work.
Man..
Real deep. Von.
Real deep. man.
Well. you know. people with
profound insights on life
know not to get married.
And those who do
...ought to know that..
...marriage is what you make it.
Right. right.
Wait a minute. This is about
that girl. Nina. isn't it?
What you doing. man?
Can I get my shot?
No. no. no. no. This is about
that girl Nina. right?
She jacked you up. didn't she?
Yeah. She jacked me up.
Ooh. man!
Dude. I mean
...it defies description.
She put the Vodum.
the-the Santeria
the-the Yoruba. all of it.
She put it on me. man.
The next morning.
I got up and made breakfast.
You made breakfast?
I was in there cooking.
Wait a minute.
You cooked what?
A cheese omelet.
A cheese..
- A cheese omelet?
- Yeah.
D. look. you better
put your name on that.
Boy. that's better than
a Michael Jordan comeback. man.
Best thing since
Michael Jordan's comeback.
- Shit.
- I'm serious. man.
So what are we
talkin' about. yeah?
What. you think
she's your soul mate?
No. Hardly. Mm-hm.
I just said the sex was good.
that's all.
Ah. You know.
this ain't no love thing.
We're just kicking it.
Okay. Yeah. well. uh.
one truism in life. my friend..
When that Jones come down..
...it be a motherfucker.
- I hope you cleaned up.
- Why?
'Cause I'm not tying to find
any bobby pins
and stockings
and some old make-up.
Please. rarely do I divulge the
location to the secret Batcave.
You're lucky I didn't knock your
ass out with some spray.
Come on.
It definitely looks
like a bachelor's pad.
Yeah.
So. what? You just
don't believe in CDs?
'It's from my DJing days.'
Yeah. I still like
that vinyl sound.
Okay.
Oh. wait. What. this
is my fashion spread?
Hold on. hold on.
Let me get my pose.
'Just be natural. silly.'
One more.
Alright. that's enough with
the camera. Alright?
Take off your clothes.
- Excuse me?
- Take off your clothes.
Take off my clothes?
Oh. man.
Hold on. hold on.
I've already seen
what you got.
Alright.
You're crazy.
Mm.
Hmm. Yeah.
Now. uh. this wouldn't
happen to...wind up..
in somebody's...magazine or book
or something. would it?
Oh. no. baby. This is strictly
for my private collection.
That's enough
with the camera.
Why. you don't trust me?
I didn't say that.
I think that
you're incredibly beautiful.
- Really?
- Really.
Hey. baby.
Marvin.
If this is the part
where you try to get me back..
...you can forget it.
Oh. come on. now.
Hear me out.
Look. baby. I know
I made some mistakes.
And I'm sorry. Alright?
I just..
Shit. You know.
I'm no good with this shit.
I'm no good with words.
You know that.
Bang.
What is that?
It's a train ticket
to New York.
I want you to come stay with me.
I want us to be together.
Marvin. you had
all of that.
And you didn't know
what to do with it.
Well. I want it again.
How are you gonna
just do this to me?
How are you gonna just
show up. come out of nowhere..
Don't you understand
that what you want
doesn't matter anymore?
Oh. what's the deal?
Are you working?
Are you seeing somebody?
I don't think
that's any of your business.
Look. think about it.
alright?
You owe me at least that.
I don't owe you anything.
Look. I gotta go.
I'm meeting my mother for lunch.
Well. you tell her
I said. "Hello".
I'll do that.
I need to know
if I still love him or not.
'What are you shaking
your head for?'
'Don't shake your head.
This is serious.'
Okay. Are you gonna.. You're not
gonna tell Darius. are you?
Well. I don't want
to lie to him.
- Tell him.
- You think so?
If he snaps.
then you got him.
And there's no
need to go. Is there?
'But if he tries
to act all cool and shit'
well. then. hey.
you're just gonna have to go
teach his ass a lesson.
Hello. Do your thing. girl.
Do it.
Did you want one?
'Uh. no. thanks.'
You know. I've had
a really good time
these past couple
of weeks. right?
Well. we aim to please.
'I'm serious.'
Me. too.
I'm going. um..
...away next week.
'To New York.'
Oh. yeah?
For how long?
Oh. I don't know.
Just. like. a couple weeks.
I don't. I don't know.
Well. what's going on?
'I have a couple contacts'
and I'm just gonna
like poke around and see
if I can find a gig.
And I also have some..
...other unfinished business
that I need to take care of.
Some dude.
We used to. um. be in a..
We used to be
in a relationship
and I just haven't seen him
in a while.
Hey. uh. that's cool.
'We were close once.
you know?'
'Um..'
'Darius. the only reason
I'm telling you this'
is because I really
care about you and..
...I'm not trying to play you.
'Hey. I understand.'
And I appreciate
your honesty.
But we just
kicking it. right?
So it's cool.
I mean. go to New York.
'Do whatever
you have to do.'
I mean. you ain't
got no ring on your finger.
So. you're not mad?
Hell. no. I'm not mad.
I mean. it's cool.
We just friends. right?
Yeah.
I mean. because
if old boy was doing his job
in the first place.
why am I doing it?
- I'm hip.
- Why am I hittin' it?
Let me tell you
the real deal. man.
The real deal is ...
I don't think she can hang.
Von. I put it on her. Boom.
- Put it on her?
- Now she gone.
- Gone.
- I steal.
I don't get stole on.
I feel you. D.
These women. man.
they're killing me slow.
So. wait a minute.
I thought you guys were just..
...you know. um..
...kicking it.
That's not the point. Savon.
So. what's the point.
black man?
I'll tell you the point.
Have you been listening?
I'mma-I'mma tell you the point.
I'mma gonna feed you the point.
The point is..
I don't know the point. alright?
It wouldn't be so bad. man. if..
...if I didn't think
she was the one.
What-what-what are you talking
about. "the one"?
I think she's the one. Savon.
I got your ass.
You know I had you going.
- You got me. alright.
- Check you out.
Why would you give me
that look. man?
- Oh. yeah. you got me. Mm-hmm.
- No. man. Come on.
I ain't the only one
in here you got.
Yo. you're slipping
on your boy.
- I slipped. Mm-hmm.
- I had you.
Did you really
think I was gonna..
- The one?
- The one.
Please. man.
I'm like a thief
in the night.
You know what I mean?
FBI still on my tail.
- But they can't get me.
- I slipped. I'm sorry.
You done slipped
on me. 'cause I-I..
- I slipped.
- Hit that ass and I'm out.
- And I'm gone. What?
- I know. nigga.
Let me see
your wallet. brother.
'Cause it gotta be.
"Bad motherfucker" on it.
- Bad motherfucker on it.
You slipped on me.
but it's cool.
'Let me see your wallet.'
Hey. John.
Let me get another one.
Coming right up.
'Hey. dude. what's up?
It's Eddie.'
'Dude. you need to call Savon.'
'That brother's all
strung out over Troy.'
'Look out.'
'Hey. Darius. uh. it's Nina'.
'I don't know when
you're gonna get this message'
'but my train leaves
tonight at30.'
'And. um. I don't know. maybe
if you're around Union Station'
'you'll come down.'
'Listen. uh. I guess I'll just
call you when I get back. Bye.'
Is there any way
you could be a..
...a bit...slicker
in your approach?
- What exactly do you mean?
- Slicker.
It's the comparative
of slick.
'Less raw. I mean.'
I think you'd have a better
chance of being published
if your work were
just a bit more polished.
You have a nice day.
Oh.
- Hey.
Where are my Toasted Oats?
Oh. I finished
the box this morning.
Oh. you couldn't eat the damn
Captain Crunch could you?
Oh. please.
Look. I'm sorry.
I had a bad day today.
Well. I had a bad day. too.
So. you want to tell me
about it?
No.
Baby..
I hate to see you.
you know--
Wasting my time?
That's not what I meant.
I mean. I can take care of us.
I mean. I just don't
want you to worry about--
Getting a job. right?
Rejection. And stop
finishing my sentences.
I don't even know
why I'm here.
Wait. What'd you say?
I don't even know
why I'm here.
After all these years together.
you don't know why you're here?
All we have. Marvin.
is all of these years.
And it's just not enough..
...anymore.
Oh. I'm going out for some
motherfucking Toasted Oats.
You're tripping.
- 'I already know what I want.'
- Mm.
Oh. no. Stop. Right now.
Stop looking
at the girl. man.
See. Ed. I have these
amazing powers over women.
I just can't explain it.
Sort of like a curse
or something.
But lucky for you
mere mortals
I use my powers for good
and not for evil.
Know what I'm saying?
The world is truly
a safer place.
Girl. I am tired. I'm so sorry.
I gotta get out of here.
'I have this
interview tomorrow.'
It's kind of dead
tonight anyway.
There's no cuties
in the house.
Not one cutie.
Is there ever a night when you
don't have penis on the brain?
Don't even try it.
You know you came
straight from the station
'cause you wanted ol'
what's-his-name to be here.
Excuse me. but I happen
to enjoy poetry.
'Don't look at me like that.'
What?
Save your money.
Save it.
It's not happening there.
Ladies. ladies. ladies.
Why y'all leavin'?
Oh. Wood. baby. I didn't
even see you down there.
Wow. Where y'all goin'?
Well. you know. we goin' home.
We're tired.
Well. uh. I'd like to. uh.
offer you a ride.
I mean. my car's right there.
Oh. That's your car. right?
Uh. no. no. The-the hearse.
The gray one.
'That's. that's my car.'
That's not. like. a-a wor..
A working hearse?
No. no. there ain't been
no dead motherfuckers
in it since I bought it.
'Cause. girl. we might--
Um. I just remembered that.
um. I-I-I parked my car
down the street.
So what we're gonna do is. um..
- Go.
- Mm-hmm. Thank you.
Buh-bye.
- Girl. he has balls.
- It's a Cadillac.
He's killing me.
Oh. my God.
He's so cute. though.
He is really cute.
Okay. Then you should
go out with him.
Please. girl.
You know he is not my type.
But..
...I think maybe I should try
to hook you two up.
- No. No.
- Yes.
I'm not trying to get
hooked up by anybody.
Marvin is officially
black history.
Wood is very. very cool.
Wait a second. Josie. Don't even
try it. because I know you.
Do not even try it.
You try to hook us up.
and I'mma...knock you out.
Don't let me have to bring out
my karate-girl
stuff. you know.
I'm just saying that..
Alright. go on.
Go home and call Darius.
It's what you really
wanna do anyway.
Why are you tying to make it
seem like I'm desperate?
I'll just call him tomorrow.
Mm-hmm.
What are you
doing here?
- You the shooter. ain't you?
- Yeah. but what--
Then shoot me.
God damn it.
Immortalize my shit.
How's my light?
Hold on.
Is this good for me
right here. this light?
Is this alright?
Hold on. babe.
Uh. I can't have you
making me look bad. you know.
Although you would have
to shoot like my moms
to make me look bad.
And she got cataracts.
Negro. what do you
want done today?
Shit. I want everything.
I want postcards. wallet sizes.
eight by tens.
I want the whole nine.
Oh. so you just gonna
come up in here today
and spend all your money?
Yep. I will. if you let me
buy you dinner.
Okay. the Billy Dee thing
is a little played out.
'But I will give you ten cool
points for nostalgia's sake.'
Nina. I'm serious.
Wood. what do you
want from me?
- One dinner.
- One dinner?
It ain't algebra. girl.
Come on.
No way.
Don't tell me that. please.
Why?
Bloomers are for like.
you know
big girls. you know.
What do you mean
they're for big girls?
I like bloomers.
They're comfortable.
Girls that just
have ass everywhere.
And you got a cute
little shape. you know.
And I think you should--
You'd look great
in. like. a thong.
Not that I was thinking about
that. I'm just sayin'.
I'll-I'll have to
keep that in mind.
Yeah. I'm serious.
You know.
that lady over there?
She wearing bloomers.
Look how big her ass is.
Leave that woman alone.
Seriously. She just knocked
my bowl of shrimp on the ground.
I'm serious. Look.
So what kind of underwear
do you have on?
I don't wear drawers.
You don't have any on
right now?
No. I just let it hang.
Oh. fuck.
- Yeah?
- 'Hey. what's up. cat daddy?'
- 'How's the book coming?'
- Masterpiece of minimalism.
What's going on?
'There ain't nothing.'
'You know your girl's
back in town. right?'
Yeah. I heard.
And for the last time. man.
she's not my girl. Okay?
'Oh. Alright. Well. now. that's
good to hear my brother.'
'Because there's something
I bet you didn't know.'
Look. you coming through
to my party?
No. No. I can't mess
with y'all parties.
I mean. y'all don't
serve no food.
- Oh. ain't you something?
- Carrots.
I need some food
that had parents. man.
- You know what I mean?
- Uh-huh.
I need some cow
up in there.
You know what I'm saying.
Some ribs. Something.
- Fried chicken?
- Fried chicken.
I'll come. Sheila.
Um. you know. I heard
about Wood and Nina.
Oh. Oh. yeah.
Figured you had.
Just be cool. okay?
Always. girl.
I ain't trippin' now.
What's up. D?
What's up. Wood?
So what you been
up to. man?
You know. just puttin'
in work. man.
- Really?
- Really.
See. I got this
new gig.
Keeps me up. working
all through the night.
- The late shift?
- Yeah.
Mm-hmm. yeah.
I know all about
that kind of job.
Used to work
the hell out of it.
You sure you can
hang with it?
I hate when this
happens. you know?
I think so.
Mom's keep on paging
you. huh?
- Not this time. D.
- Hmm..
But we all know that. uh.
you ain't too good
at staying employed.
though.
This might be different.
You know. and uh.
as I heard it
you ain't too good at stayin'
employed either. partner.
Well. you see.
the difference is
I usually quit my job.
You?
You usually
wind up fired.
But it's okay.
You can't help it.
Yo. Sheila. I'mma talk
to you later. Eat it.
- Take it easy. Darius.
- Whatever.
He a trip. ain't he?
I can't believe
that boy.
Aren't you a little
old to be fighting
over some babe?
You ain't
never too old.
Besides. I can't help it
if I'm the chosen one.
Oh. okay. I get it.
So it's your turn
to hit the skins. right?
Damn. Sheila. Why does it have
to be about sex all the time?
You know. I really
like this girl.
Okay. we went out.
we kicked it. dinner.
Everything's smooth.
It's so convenient
for women to think
that all we want
to do is bone.
But sometimes. a man just
wanna be held. You know?
Cuddled a little bit.
Hold my back.
I'll rub yours. you know?
A little massage or something.
What's wrong with that?
Ain't you progressive enough
to understand?
Oh. nigga.
I got your progressive.
You a trip.
You know you need a massage.
Hey. baby.
Mwah.
I want you to meet a friend
of mine. Tracey Powell.
Tracey Powell. this is a very.
very good friend of mine.
Sheila Downes.
- How you doin'?
- Hi.
Come on in.
Make yourself comfortable.
Food's in the dining room.
beer's in the fridge.
Thank you.
There's a lot of special
things going on
when you ride
around in this.
Like. for instance.
you know. on a Sunday
I always go through
all the lights.
Don't nobody stop me.
There's some benefits to this
car. I'm telling you.
Like. for instance.
when I want to go to church
I always get up
front. Every time.
Yeah. because they
probably think
you're going to
a damn funeral.
That's what I'm saying.
But I ain't.
I'm just rollin'.
- Your friend. man. Yeah.
- Tracy?
Oh. she teaches the class
next to mine. English.
- Yeah. Mm-hmm.
- English.
What? What?
I work with her.
"I work with her."
Okay.
Darius. she isn't my
girlfriend or anything.
- I-I work with her.
- Mm.
- Alright.
- What?
Come on. man. you know what.
I mean. you're married.
What are you. the fuckin'
moral majority now?
- No. no. I'm just saying.
- What's this about?
I mean. Troy's
a good woman.
Wait. wait. if my memory
serves me correctly
you were the one who told me
not to get married.
In fact. all of y'all told me
- Who? l said that?
- Yeah. you. Quit saying "who".
- You.
- Damn. I did say that.
But I also said the Commodores
would get back together.
I mean. who knew. man?
Look. man.
Let me tell you something.
People grow apart. alright?
People change.
But see? You wouldn't
know anything about that.
- What you talking about?
- No.
- You wouldn't know anything..
- Yes. I would.
No. you wouldn't. Darius.
Because the last
relationship you been in
that lasted longer than
six months. my brother
was. was. um..
Was...never.
Are you kidding? Felicia.
Felicia. Yes. Felicia.
Alright. Felicia.
So. I maintain.
When you get your wife.
you advise me on mine.
Y'all run around here
jumpin'. hoppin'. skippin'
divin'. fallin'
in love and shit.
Fallin' in love
ain't shit.
Somebody talk to me. please.
about how to stay there.
Do I love my wife?
Hell. yes.
Is she here?
Hell. no.
- Alright. man.
- Alright?
As far as I'm concerned.
all of y'all can step.
Hey. man.
I think you need
a hug. Savon.
So. where are
you taking me?
To a little set.
you know.
Whose set?
Some friends.
It'll be cool.
Trust me.
Alright. go. girl. Go. girl.
Yo. yo.
Wait. wait. wait.
What about. what
about the slop?
Y'all know how
to do the slop?
The slop?
What's this. a choir?
Yes. the slop.
- Come on. do it.
- l don't know how to do it..
'Cause you made
that shit up.
I'm about to go find somebody
who can do the slop.
Yeah. on TV. right?
I'll tell you how
to get on this horse.
What's up. black people?
Where's your bathroom?
Up the stairs
and to the left.
Thanks.
So. what's up. Ed?
- You are so foul.
- Look.
You know it's fucked up
what you're doin'. right?
You know that's fucked up.
- Whatever. man.
- Whatever?
Don't.
Ha-ha. I told you I know...
how to do the slop.
What's up. D?
Hey. what's up. man?
You should see how
the slop was done.
- Mama showed you?
- Yeah.
'A true professional.'
'Go ahead and break
it down. then.'
No. I don't want to put
too much hip into it.
I need to talk
to you outside.
- Right now?
- Right now.
Uh. I'll be right back.
'Take your time.'
- Nina. Nina.
- Take me home now.
Nina. what's wrong?
You embarrassed
the shit out of me.
And I don't appreciate it.
Now. if you and
Darius wanna see
whose dick is bigger. you can do
it without me. alright?
- Look. I'm sorry--
- Don't say shit to me.
Just get in the car
and take me home.
Like you didn't think
for one second
he was gonna be
at this party.
Are you gonna take me
home or not?
Hell. no.
Unbelievable.
Walk!
Nah. nah. l don't..
Hey. yo.
Where Nina at?
I don't know. man.
You just left
the woman outside. Wood?
What? You got somethin'
to say. Sheila?
Why don't you
just say it?
I ain't got nothing
to say to you.
Nina. slow up.
I don't want to talk
right now. Darius.
Hey. if you slow up.
I'll call you a cab.
- Just leave me alone.
- Man. slow up.
- What?
- Now first of all. calm down.
Now. you and l both know
you don't
wanna be out here
this late by yourself..
Stompin' up and down
the street like
somebody done stole
your fucking bike.
Now. all l wanna do is try to
make sure you get home safely.
That's it. Trust me.
Now we gonna walk up
to this pay phone up here..
...I'll call you a cab
I'll wait. you get in.
boom!
You can be
on your merry way.
Look. What the hell you doing
running around with my boy?
I mean first. you tear
your ass off to New York.
Then you come back
and don't even call me?
All you had to do was tell me
that you were seeing somebody.
What are you talking about?
I ain't seeing nobody.
I saw you at the bookstore
with a girl.
I'm always at the bookstore.
What are you talking about?
You know what
I'm talking about.
Oh. shit. Lisa. Damn.
Damn.
- 'Hello?'
- Hello?
- Nina?
- 'Yeah.'
- Damn. Hey.
- Hey.
I just want to call and
apologize for the other night.
I honestly didn't know
you were gonna be there.
Look. uh. no apologies
necessary. Okay?
- Darius.
- Yeah?
l. uh. I have two tickets
to the V.O.N. Steppers set
tomorrow night. and. uh..
I was just wondering
if you could step.
Yeah.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
I didn't know
you were that good.
Yeah. I'm-I'm-I'm
a groove man.
You know.
I do my little thing.
You didn't know l had it.
did yo?
Now. that's what l call
a real date.
A real date? What are you
talking about. a real date?
You saying we never been
on a real date before?
Baby. bumpin' and grindin'
at the Wild Hare
hardly qualifies.
Oh. well. uh. you seemed to like
all that bumpin' and grinding.
You know. l wanted to call you
when l got back from New York.
But when I saw you
with that woman
I just didn't know.
I didn't know what to think.
I know. Look. that was
absolutely nothing.
Trust me.
It was-it was nothing.
Sometimes I just wonder
if I'm going too far with you.
Well. there's no such place.
This is a destiny
type thing. babe.
What am I gonna do with you?
I got a few ideas. but. uh..
Tell me what you
got in mind. huh?
Fountain.
What's up? What you got?
What you wanna do?
- This is a joke. right?
- No. it's-it's not a joke.
W-What's with the pillow
and the. and the blanket?
- What's-what's all that?
- I know. I know.
It's a little bit awkward
but I was thinking that. um..
Well. I don't know.
we had such..
We had a perfect date.
and I just..
I just wanted to feel like I was
saving something for later.
Saving something for later?
Baby. you ain't gotta
save mine for later.
I'd rather have it
right now. anyway.
Nina. we've already
done it before.
I mean. we done it already.
you know. repeatedly.
So what's.
what's with the couch?
Don't be like that.
Come on.
d-don't do this to me.
I mean. it's gonna be
cold out here.
You'll be fine.
Alright. cool.
You're right.
I'll be fine.
Okay.
- Goodnight.
Do you...think you could just
help me with this zipper. 'cause
sometimes it gets stuck..
Yeah. yeah.
See. now you're playin'.
See. all we gotta do
is just go upstairs
and. you know. I could
take off all your clothes.
Thank you.
You know you ain't
got to do this. right?
I don't know
why you playin' like that.
Goodnight.
Yeah. goodnight.
'It's gonna be
mighty cold down here.'
'Mind turnin' up the heat?'
She's wrong. man.
Shit.
Brand new..
Can you feel the heat?
No. not yet.
Ooh. shit.
I can.
Hey. Nina.
Yeah?
Uh..
...you mind if I play
something for you?
N-no. not at all.
Yes. I know this is
a black neighborhood.
Well. send somebody down
who can handle themselves. man.
You know. you guys are terrible.
All I want is my mail.
L-look. don't-don't
put me on hold.
Don't..
What's wrong with you?
No. no. no.
No.. Argh.
They had me on hold.
What's wrong?
Hello.
How you doing?
Fine.
Yeah?
Lisa?
You know what time it is?
Want a beer?
Do you think I slept
with Wood?
Well. I learned a long time ago
not to ask a question
I didn't wanna know
the answer to.
- Why don't you wanna know?
- 'Cause I don't.
- Why?
- You're wrecking my flow. okay?
Excuse the fuck out of me.
What I did. wrecking
your fuckin' flow.
Take off your clothes.
Quit playin'.
Who's playin'?
Oh. what's the matter?
I've already seen
what you got.
Will you stop?
What are you doing?
You don't trust me?
No. I don't.
- You don't?
- 'No.'
This is about Lisa. isn't it?
'I can't believe you. Nina.'
'You still on that Lisa shit?
That amazes me.'
Look..
We've talked about this
a thousand times
and I explained to you.
She and I are over.
That is history.
the past. okay?
'We're together. So tell me.
what is your fucking problem?'
- How am I to know that?
- Know what?
That you're not
still seeing her.
'Cause I just told you
for the last time.
Well. that's not enough.
Darius.
Because you have not
given me any reason
to trust anything
that you say.
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about the blackboard
with her number on it.
I'm talking about
the phone calls at five a.m.
I'm talking about trying to read
your mind every fucking day.
You don't know shit
about trust. okay?
You don't.
You the one who went
to New York
and fucked old boy.
Came back here
and hung out with my boys
partying and shit.
What is that?
You wanna talk about trust?
You acted like you didn't even
care that I went to New York.
This shit is for the birds. man.
Really.
It is.
I don't even know what
the fuck you talking..
What.. Look. you know what?
You can do both of us
a real big favor.
'Just come over to my crib
and get your shit.'
Why would you wanna be
with somebody you don't trust?
Ain't gotta deal with this shit.
I guess that's everything.
Shut my door on the way
when you leave.
'You getting the work done
on that novel. man?'
'I'm not in the mood
to write anything right now.'
Let me ask you a question.
If you were stranded
on a deserted island
and...could only take
one of your ex-girls..
...who would it be?
Shit. I don't know.
That's the thing. man.
with the exception
of Felicia. man
I can't stand to be
around any of them
more than
a few hours at a time.
Whoo. now that's a name
I ain't heard in a while.
Yup.
I messed that up. man.
Tryin' to be
a motherfucking playa.
I used to love that girl. man.
You only get one.
Two. tops.
One what?
True love.
my ass. man.
Love is what you make
and with whom you make it.
That's it.
Yeah. well..
Think I messed up twice.
You'd think by now I'd have
a little more insight. but..
I don't know. man.
I don't know what to think.
That. my friend.
is your problem right there.
Physics. this shit ain't.
It ain't supposed to make sense.
Love. passion..
...it is what it is.
Fuck!
Savon. you and your wife
both love to cheat.
- That's my joker.
- Can I get my book?
- Can I? Hah! See?
- No.
- Y'all are both cheaters. man.
- Thank you. thank you.
- Speak to me.
- 'Darius. it's Josie.'
Oh. hey. what's happening?
'Look. um. Nina told me
not to tell anyone this. but..'
- 'Fuck it.'
- What is it?
'I thought you should know.'
'She did a shoot
for "Vibe" magazine'
'and it worked out
really well.'
- Well. good for her.
- 'And since you--'
'Look. why are you
calling me anyway?'
'Look. she's on
the noon train tomorrow.'
'I thought maybe
you should see her off.'
- Well. maybe not.
- 'Well..'
'You do what you wanna do.'
'I just thought
I should tell you.'
Yeah. well.
thanks for your concern.
- Stop.
- 'You can't play.'
Hey. Darius. who was that?
All aboard!
Are you alright?
Nina!
Vey nice.
'Give me that smile.'
There it is.
Nina. here's your. uh. tickets
and itinerary
for the Chicago shoot.
Great. Thank you.
Don't worry about it.
There you go.
Ah. cool.
- There you go.
- Thanks.
You're real welcome. sir.
So. let's see this.
this masterpiece.
- Stand back.
- Mm-hmm.
You might hurt yourself. bro.
Oh.
'That's it. right there.'
'And you know the book signing
party's gonna be real nice.'
Whoa. sucky. sucky. sucky now.
Man. this is..
That's a jacked-up picture.
though.
Ah. come on. why you gotta talk
about the picture. man?
That's a jacked-up picture.
Yeah. say something
about my picture.
Congratulations.
- Hm?
- Thanks.
You know.
it's a dream come true.
Mm-hmm.
An old one. man. an old one.
That's a nice dedication.
Yeah.
So how come..
How come you never called her?
I don't know.
I wrote a bunch
of letters. but..
...I thought it made me
look like a fool.
I never mailed any of them off.
Damn. well. I..
I would've paid
some mad money
to see your ass running
through Union Station.
Yeah.
I hear you. man.
Had you not been sucking
on them cancer sticks..
...you'd have caught her.
I'm cool. man.
Excuse me. can. can I see that?
Sure.
Thanks.
Hey.
Next up. our next poet is..
Our next poet
is a virgin to the mic..
..but I'm sure you'll
feel her just the same.
Sanctuary. welcome..
...Miss Nina Mosley.
This is. um..
...something that I've been
working on for a while
and I was hoping that a certain
someone would be here tonight..
But I don't..
...see him. so..
I guess I'm gonna
get it out anyway.
It's funny what you can do in
front of a room full of people
that you can't even seem to do
in front of one person.
"It is the color of light.
"The shape of sound
high in the evergreens.
"It lies suspended in hills.
"A blue line in a red sky.
"I am looking at sound.
"I'm hearing the brightness
"of high bluffs
and almond trees.
"I am tasting
the wilderness of lakes..
"...rivers. and streams..
"...caught in an angle of song.
"I am remembering the water
"that glows in the dawn."
"The motion tumbled in Earth.
'"Life hidden in mounds.'
"I am dancing..
"...a bright beam of light.
"I am..
"...remembering..
...love."
Now look. Reg.
I'mma talk to you. man.
Alright. cool.
Thanks.
Nina Mosley.
'Give it up.'
Nina!
Long time no see.
Yeah.
I. uh. enjoyed
your poem up there.
Look. I know there have..
...been a lot of mistakes.
And we both made 'em.
I apologize for my part in that.
And all that.
that nonsense in the past?
I don't give a shit
about that anymore.
I never stopped
thinking about you.
I want us to be
together again..
...for. for as long
as we can be.
As usual. your timing
couldn't be worse.
You always want what you want
when you want it.
Why is everything so urgent
with you?
Let me tell you something.
This here..
...right now..
...at this vey moment
is all that matters to me.
I love you.
That's urgent
like a motherfucker.
Yeah.
- How do we do this?
- I don't know.
- I live in New York.
- I don't care.
Alright. so..
...what's the first step?
We can start
by getting out of this rain.
Ooh. yes.